youtube came back on my channel then
today I will explain
hold a weapon h
pass the hunting license because the
hunting license so it's binding
and the practical test the test
theoretical fake potash and we can miss
the exam and when you're not a hunter
it's too restrictive
really simple solution is the
federal license then the agencies
federal what is this is a
shooting license so a sports passport
like a sports passport for the
football rugby or boxing because in
France shooting is considered a
leisure is a sport so then for
get this shooting license which you
will acquire weapons from
fifth set and kate and 7th category g
clunisiens so it's simple
go to your doctor
ask for a medical certificate as
what you are fit to practice shooting
sporting and possession of firearms
So, except for the waiting time
who can vary to be a doctor
it's for five minutes
once you have your certificate
medical in hand you're going to make a
photo expect me so nothing for five
minutes
once you have your photo booth
and your medical certificate you go
in a shooting stand you
find plenty of aggression plans
internet you sign up for the year
you become a member
you pay your membership fee
it turns around 100 euros
but it depends on the regions it can
to be more or less you have a prorate
ambient during the year so once
that you are registered at the moment at
the moment t where you sign up for
shooting stand
Well you receive a certificate
provisional and this attestation in fact
this master shots license it you
already allows to acquire a firearm
unlike what many
can you tell there is then on
Internet
it's going to be more complicated because so much
dexia internet
there are the gunsmiths need a little excess
zeal but then we do not come
say no it's not possible okay
because I bought like that ok the
day and so me when I saw my
provisional certificate
so I bought that okay a caliber
12 semi automatic it's a fifth
category and I him with the attestation
Provisional So that's not me
to say no that I am told that it is feasible
it's feasible
so so now you know
how to acquire a firearm
in France of 5th or 7th category very
easily so I recap you go
at your doctor's office do you
a medical certificate
so when you are fit to practice
which is the possession of firearms
the sport shooting practice at the
gun ownership a photo booth
you register in a shooting stand
and that's it you can buy nantes
we're doing well at all
it's a map after more than two hours
so it's very easy to have breasts
so at the level of arms quantities of
5th and 7th category so you 're not
limited neither in weapons nor in ammunition you
can buy as many weapons and
ammunition of 5th and 7th you agree
do not confuse with first and
fourth category I made a video
there on the categories of weapons to
fire go see and inform you so
this is simple to get a
gun in fact it's very easy
very fast it takes you a morning to
break everything with transport and the
aunt to the doctor so
here is hoping that this video you
it would have been helpful to you I had
already made an earlier version but the
bomb the sound the sound will be better so
so here I am telling you next
video